fcitx: remove version 4 (#220776)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- The option `services.prometheus.exporters.pihole.interval` does not exist anymore and has been removed.

- `k3s` can now be configured with an EnvironmentFile for its systemd service, allowing secrets to be provided without ending up in the Nix Store.

> - `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx` is removed, and now only fcitx5 is supported. `pkgs.fcitx` is also removed from nixpkgs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx` option has been removed. Please use `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5` instead. `pkgs.fcitx` has also been removed.
```

Author: Thanks!

> - The `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx` option has been removed. Please use `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5` instead. `pkgs.fcitx` has also been removed.

Reviewer 2: Please see the comment under the headline.

```suggestion
- The `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx` option has been replaced with `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5` because fcitx 4 `pkgs.fcitx` has been removed.
```
